Fix link in readme (#3)
bump-sh/.github: profile/README.md

Share a link to your documentation with your API consumers and help them to never miss an API change again. They will have the possibility to **track API structural changes** if they subscribe by email. Once a week, subscribers will receive a changelog digest of your documentation if your API has changed. Curious? Here is the API [documentation changelog](https://developers.bump.sh/changes) of our own API.

> To make the most out of Bump, we suggest integrating our tool in your development process. We offer a [Command Line Interface](https://github.com/bump-sh/cli/blob/main/package.json) and [Continuous Integration](https://help.bump.sh/continuous-integration) examples to let you: view API diff during code review thanks to our [Github Action](https://github.com/bump-sh/github-action), Bump will automatically **comment your pull requests with changes digest**, then once merged we will **deploy your changes** directly to your documentation page.

Reviewer: What about linking to the root of the repo? I also suggest to change the help page with the new URL.
```suggestion
To make the most out of Bump, we suggest integrating our tool in your development process. We offer a [Command Line Interface](https://github.com/bump-sh/cli) and [Continuous Integration](https://docs.bump.sh/help/continuous-integration) examples to let you: view API diff during code review thanks to our [Github Action](https://github.com/bump-sh/github-action), Bump will automatically **comment your pull requests with changes digest**, then once merged we will **deploy your changes** directly to your documentation page.
```
